3. 
Data Interpretation--
It seems this data quality report was either made 14 days past June, or at least before the end of June 2017; and perhaps nearly all accounts report their numbers at the end of the month, explaining why there is only 1 read for June 2017 and that 1 account reported 0 gallons of water used per day. This insinuates to me the possibility that the data could be incomplete, untimely reported, or inaccurate. It also seems there could be a data error (like an outlier) in calculating the average number of days each account reported in April 2017, as it says 32 days, when there are only 30 days in that month. There are several missing values for the comparison percentages, particularly for the last period (lp) field, even though the record is written for the period before. This could indicate a measurement error in calculating the last period comparison values, as the data is clearly there. There is probably a measurement (or perhaps, data) error because there is a large increase in average gallons of water per day from April to May 2017, as well as from the year before. 

Suggested Changes--
A lot of the missing values in (lp) and (ly) make the table look a bit disorganized because they are not their own field. It could help to make the lp and ly 2 separate subfields under each field 'Reads', 'Days', and 'GPD', and give it explicit column names 'last month (%)'' and 'last year (%)', respectively. It might not make much sense to report lp and ly values for the Days field, as this record should be pretty stagant (30, 31, or 28 days) and does not provide much insight into the quality of data when comparing it with previous time periods. I also think the report might be more readable if the the 'Period' fieldname contained the format, which could be changed to a more readable one, so like 'Period (MM-YYYY)'. Other edits to make it more readable could be to name the "Reads" field column to "Accounts" instead, the "Days" column to "Days Read" instead, and the "GPD" column to "Gallons per Day". Perhaps a footnote or two with metadata on how the data was collected, processed, or stored could also be helpful to read the data quality report. 